Randomness requirements following W3C Trace Context level 2 (#4162)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/context/api-propagators.md

X-Ray trace header protocol MUST NOT be maintained or distributed as part of
the Core OpenTelemetry repositories.

### W3C Trace Context Requirements

> A W3C Trace Context propagator MUST parse and set the `traceparent` and `tracestate` HTTP headers as specified in [W3C Trace Context Level 2](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context-2/).

Author: Revised in 56d8e26. I want to say that both headers are validated, and that tracestate only propagates when it is not empty. Note however, that the larger proposal is for AlwaysOn samplers to set `ot=th:0` on all spans that have 100% sampling; samplers that do not set a tracestate shouldn't cause tracestate to propatate.

> A W3C Trace Context propagator is expected to implement the `traceparent` and `tracestate` contexts fields specified in [W3C Trace Context Level 2](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context-2/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A W3C Trace Context propagator MUST parse and set the `traceparent` and `tracestate` HTTP headers as specified in [W3C Trace Context Level 2](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context-2/).
```
